Add Chef 15.7 release notes (#9262)
chef/chef: RELEASE_NOTES.md

This file holds "in progress" release notes for the current release under development and is intended for consumption by the Chef Documentation team. Please see <https://docs.chef.io/release_notes.html> for the official Chef release notes.

# Chef Infra Client 15.7

## Updated Resources

### archive_file

> The `archive_file` will now only change ownership on files and directories that were part of the archive itself. This is important so you don't change permissions on important high level directories such as /etc or /bin just by extracting a file into those directories. Thanks for this fix [@bobchaos](https://github.com/bobchaos/)

Reviewer: Is this re-wording okay? Please evaluate. Thanks!
```suggestion
The `archive_file` resource will now only change ownership on files and directories that were part of the archive itself. This prevents changing permissions on important high level directories such as /etc or /bin when you extract a file into those directories. Thanks for this fix, [@bobchaos](https://github.com/bobchaos/).
```

Reviewer: Also are the file paths (/etc or /bin) supposed to be formatted? (`/etc`)

### cron and cron_d

The `cron` and `cron_d` resources now include a `timeout` property, which allows you to configure actions to perform when a job times out. This property accepts a hash of timeout configuration options:

> - `preserve-status`: true/false with a default of false

Reviewer: @tas50 Are these bullet points supposed to have "true/false" mentions formatted a la `true` and `false`?

Author: It seemed like a lot of formatting there if I did it that way

Reviewer: I'm trying to be consistent as you did use `true` and `false` further down in this batch of release notes...

Author: Fixed

- `foreground`: true/false with a default of false
- `kill-after`: Integer for the timeout in seconds
- `signal`: String or Integer to send to the process such as `HUP`

### launchd

> The launchd resource has been updated to properly capitalize `HardResourceLimits`. Thanks for this fix [@rb2k](https://github.com/rb2k/).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `launchd` resource has been updated to properly capitalize `HardResourceLimits`. Thanks for this fix, [@rb2k](https://github.com/rb2k/).
```

### sudo

> The `sudo` resource no longer fails on the second Chef Infra Client run when using a `Cmnd_Alias`. Thanks for reporting this issue [@Rudikza](https://github.com/Rudikza)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `sudo` resource no longer fails on the second Chef Infra Client run when using a `Cmnd_Alias`. Thanks for reporting this issue, [@Rudikza](https://github.com/Rudikza).
```

### user

> The `user` resource on aix no longer forces the user to change the password after Chef Infra Client modifies the password. Thanks for this fix [@Triodes](https://github.com/Triodes)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `user` resource on AIX no longer forces the user to change the password after Chef Infra Client modifies the password. Thanks for this fix, [@Triodes](https://github.com/Triodes).
```

The `user` resource on macOS 10.15 has received several important fixes to improve logging and prevent failures.

### windows_task

The `windows_task` resource is now idempotent when a system is joined to a domain and the job runs under a local user account.

### x509_certificate

> The `x509_certificate` resource now includes a new `renew_before_expiry` property that allows you to auto renew certicates with a number of days before they expire. Thanks [@julienhuon](https://github.com/julienhuon/) for this improvement.

Reviewer: In this first sentence, should "with" be used here? Check me on this for clarity, but I think it would be fine without "with".

Author: Fixed

## Additional Recipe Helpers

We have added new helpers for identifying Windows releases that can be used in any part of your cookbooks.

### windows_workstation?

> Returns tr`ue if the system is a Windows Workstation edition.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Returns `true` if the system is a Windows Workstation edition.
```

### windows_server?

Returns `true` if the system is a Windows Server edition.

### windows_server_core?

Returns `true` if the system is a Windows Server Core edition.

## Notable Changes and Fixes

- `knife upload` and `knife cookbook upload` will now generate a metadata.json file from metadata.rb when uploading a cookbook to the Chef Infra Server.
- A bug in `knife bootstrap` behavior that caused failures when bootstrapping Windows hosts from non-Windows hosts and vice versa has been resolved.

> - The existing system path is now preserved when bootstrapping Windows nodes. Thanks for this fix [@Xorima](https://github.com/Xorima/).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- The existing system path is now preserved when bootstrapping Windows nodes. Thanks for this fix, [@Xorima](https://github.com/Xorima/).
```

- Ohai now properly returns the drive name on Windows and includes new drive_type fields to allow you to determine the type of attached disk. Thanks for this improvement [@sshock](https://github.com/sshock/).

> - Ohai has been updated to properly return DMI data to Chef Infra Client. Thanks for troubleshooting this [@zmscwx](https://github.com/zmscwx) and [@Sliim](https://github.com/Sliim).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Ohai has been updated to properly return DMI data to Chef Infra Client. Thanks for troubleshooting this, [@zmscwx](https://github.com/zmscwx) and [@Sliim](https://github.com/Sliim).
```
